Update readme for file system upgrade; bump Galaxy release (#509)
galaxyproject/galaxy-helm: README.md

### Breaking changes

* v6 replaces the [Zalando Postgres
  operator](https://github.com/zalando/postgres-operator) with
  [CloudNativePG](https://cloudnative-pg.io/) operator for Postgres. This

>   decision was made because CloudNativePG is a [CNCF](https://www.cncf.io/)

Reviewer: CloudNativePG is not yet a CNCF project (hence the original wording)

Author: Sorry, I read the first paragraph here https://cloudnative-pg.io/blog/running-postgresql-the-kubernetes-way/ and misinterpreted it for being a CNCF project already. Reverted.

  project, has increasing popularity, and the avoidance of StatefulSets makes
  management easier. However, there is no direct upgrade path from Zalando to
  CloudNativePG. Therefore, **simply upgrading the Galaxy Helm chart could
  result in your existing database being deleted and possible data loss**.

  We recommend first creating a [logical
  backup](https://github.com/zalando/postgres-operator/blob/master/docs/administrator.md#logical-backups)
  of the existing Galaxy database, and then reimporting that backup to the new
  database following instructions
  [here](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/1.16/database_import/).

  You can also choose not to upgrade the Postgres operator and continue using
  your existing database service. In this case, set `postgresql.enabled: false`
  in the `values.yaml` file and configure the `galaxy.yml` file to point to your
  existing database.

* v6 chart also changes the default uid of the system Galaxy user. Previously

>   this uid was 101, which is a privileged uid and has caused conflicts. Starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this uid was 101, which is a system reserved uid and can cause conflicts with system installed packages. Starting
```
